Pd 1808 write instances tutorial (#3654)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/InstanceNetworkProcedure.md

> Configure the **Network** section settings to define how the instance connects to the host and external networks.

Reviewer: This snippet is using bullets when they should be numbered steps to follow the parallel construction of the procedure this is part of. You have a few ways to get around this by rewording the options portion of this (lines 2, 6 and 8) and folding them into a single bullet list under line 1.
List the UI option as the bullet point, then provide the information about why to select the option.

Then you can change the bullet points in line 13 and 14 to either numbered steps or indented paragraphs under the option it pertains to. I'm not going to write that out here. We can discuss this option if you want more clarification on how to do that. In any case, too many bullet points here are not help with what action goes with what in this step.

>    Options include the default network bridge, an existing [bridge interface]({{< relref "/SCALETutorials/Network/ContainerNASBridge.md" >}}), or a MACVLAN.

Author: 1.  You're right, it is **Network** settings
2.  I'm not sure what you mean by this. **Use default network settings** is selected by default. It does not require any further action. If they choose they can disable this setting and choose one of the other options.
3. These are not clarifying steps, they are multiple options for how you might configure this section.
4. check

   {{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Virtualization/InstancesNetworkDefault.png" alt="Default Network Settings" id="Default Network Settings" >}}

   - Leave **Use default network settings** selected to connect the instance to the host using the automatic bridge defined in [**Global Settings**](#configuring-global-settings).

   - Deselect **Use default network settings** to display the **Bridged NICs** (if available) and **Macvlan NICs** settings.

      {{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Virtualization/InstancesNetworkNonDefault.png" alt="Non-Default Network Settings" id="Non-Default Network Settings" >}}

>       Select one or more interfaces.
> 
>       - Select an existing bridge interface on the TrueNAS host under **Bridged NICs** to connect it to the instance.
>       - Select an existing interface under **Macvlan NICs** to create a virtual network interface based on it.
>          A MACVLAN assigns a unique MAC address to the virtual interface so the instance appears as a separate device on the network.

Author: That doesn't make sense because one of the options is creating a new interface
```suggestion
      Select one or more interfaces:

        - Connect an existing bridge interface to the instance by selecting it under **Bridged NICs**.
        - Create a virtual network interface based on an existing interface by selecting it under **Macvlan NICs**.
           A MACVLAN assigns a unique MAC address to the virtual interface so the instance appears as a separate device on the network.
```
